Adding in a VectorSignal (#2876)
hyperspy/hyperspy: doc/user_guide/vector_signal.rst

Vector Signal Tools
*******************

.. versionadded:: 2.0
    BaseVectorSignal class was added to extend the functionality of ragged signals

The methods described in this section are only available for vector signals
signals in the :py:class:`~._signals.vector_signal.BaseVectorSignal`. class.

The Vector class is a new class added in version 2.0 which is designed to store data which
is organized as a collection of vectors of some length. These arrays are ragged, such

> that they can have arbitrary length but constant width.  Vectors in hyperspy usually

Reviewer: It may be worth covering in more details the difference between `ragged` and `vector` in its own section, as this can be easily confusing! A cartoon showing the possible navigation / signal dimensions may be good here.

represent pixel positions related to some Signal.  Like Signals, they can have signal dimensions

> return

Reviewer: Something is missing here! :)

This class is designed to be extendable and closely integrated with methods
in `sklearn` or other packages with advanced tools for vector characterization.

> The :py:method:`~._signals.vector_signal.BaseVectorSignal.cluster` is designed to take
> some `ClusterMixin <https://scikit-learn.org/stable/modules/generated/sklearn.base.ClusterMixin.html#sklearn.base.ClusterMixin>`

Reviewer: Use intersphinx, something along the line of (need checking):
```suggestion
The :py:meth:`~._signals.vector_signal.BaseVectorSignal.cluster` is designed to take
some :py:class:`sklearn.base.ClusterMixin`
```

> object which has a method `fit_predict` which returns a set of labels. More information on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
object which has a method :py:meth:`sklearn.base.ClusterMixin.fit_predict` which returns a set of labels. More information on the
```
